v1:
From the code, I can see that there is a table in index.html. There is an
Eventlistener in the JavaScript that will activate upon click for each item in
the table. I predict that upon clicking, a message/alert will pop up with the
text that is contained inside the clicked table. I assumed innerHTML to be the
text and when I checked it out, my predictions were true. I notice that the
<tr> tag is used to indicate a row while <td> is each item.

v2:
The second code contained some similarity with the first. There should still be
the alert from clicking on a cell but there is another Eventlistener which
should show an alert when a row is clicked. I think when the row is clicked, the
entire content of that row will be shown. There is an Eventlistener for the
table itself which should show everything. I think the cell will alert first,
then the row, and lastly the table. My predictions were true and I noticed how
the alerts for rows and the table contained the tags. Clicking on the border
only shows the alert for the table.

v3: In this version, we now have the stop propogation command on clicky. I think this 
means the event will only trigger for this listener and the rest won't happen.
We also have a true parameter for adding the Eventlistener to the table now. 
From the documentation, it seems that the useCapture parameter is now set to true. 
This now means that the table will alert first and the rest will follow in the
same order. 
My predictions were true. Only the innerHTML of the table was displayed when stop
propogation wasn't commented out. Also, the innerHTML of the table was displayed first and
then the rest in order. 

v4: In this version, the only change is that now all of the Eventlisteners have their
useCapture parameter set to true. I think that because of this, the order will be the same as 
in version 2: cell, row, and table.
My prediction was wrong. The order was actually the complete opposite: table, row, and then cell. It's kind of like a stack, where first in is the last out. 

